‎Well, hello.
‎We’re starting a new book together
‎with an interesting title:
‎Pure Worship of Jehovah—Restored At Last!
‎What spiritual gems will we find in this book?
‎Will there be clarifications of understanding?
‎Yes!
‎Will we see beautiful illustrations
of vivid prophetic visions?
‎Yes!
‎Rather than discussing
the book of Ezekiel verse by verse,
‎the Pure Worship book
considers Ezekiel’s prophecy topic by topic.
‎Section 1, which begins with chapter 3,
‎focuses on the celestial chariot.
‎The remaining four sections
‎discuss how pure worship was contaminated
‎and restored
‎and how it will survive attack
‎and remain for all time.
‎Each chapter concludes with a box entitled
‎“Your Place in Pure Worship.”
‎Take time to meditate
on the questions in those boxes.
‎Doing so will increase
your appreciation for pure worship
‎and your place in it.
‎Now, what can we expect in chapter 1?
‎Are you dealing with a trial in your life?
‎Or is someone tempting you
to ignore Jehovah’s standards?
‎If so,
‎you can relate to the situation
that Jesus faced in 29 C.E.
‎Satan had waited until Jesus was hungry
‎before approaching him
with the first of three temptations.
‎What was Satan’s goal?
‎We learn the answer
from the way Jesus responded to Satan.
‎Please read with me Matthew 4:10:
‎“Then Jesus said to him:
‘Go away, Satan!
‎“‘For it is written:
‎“‘“It is Jehovah your God
you must worship,
‎and it is to him alone
you must render sacred service.”’”
‎This is the theme scripture
for the chapter entitled
‎“It Is Jehovah Your God You Must Worship.”
‎As you consider this material,
look for these points:
‎What tactics did Satan use
in his first two temptations of Jesus,
‎and how does Satan tempt us in similar ways?
‎As shown by the third temptation of Jesus,
‎what does Satan want from us,
‎and how can we resist his enticements?
‎How can you demonstrate
that you agree with the words:
‎“It is Jehovah your God you must worship”?
‎Make time to study each chapter.
‎Look up the scriptures.
‎Consider how they apply to the material
‎and what they teach you
about our Father and Creator.
‎Jehovah loves you
‎and will give you the strength
to deal with any trial or temptation.
‎One way he does so
is through his Word, the Bible.
‎The better you understand Bible principles,
‎the greater will be your desire
to reject Satan’s traps
‎and to give Jehovah exclusive, pure worship.
‎Enjoy the study!